I should have known you'd be here, Professor McGonagall.
(smile fading) I'm afraid so. The good. And the bad.
Hagrid's bringing him;
I would trust Hagrid with my life, Professor.
No problems, I take it, Hagrid?
The only family he has.
Exactly. It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he can walk and talk. Famous for something he won't even remember. No. He'll be much better off growing up away from all that. Until he's ready.
Yes, and here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!
If I may, I have a few start-of-term notices to announce. First Years. should note that the. Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all pupils. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that.
Everyone will please not panic. Prefects, lead your Houses back to the dormitories. Teachers, follow me to the dungeons.
Back again, Harry?
I see that you--like so many before you--have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I expect by now you realize what it does.
And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy.
I don't need a cloak to become invisible.I'll give you a clue, Harry. The happiest man on earth would look into the Mirror of Erised and see only himself, exactly as he is.
Yes and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them gathered around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his family, sees himself standing alone. Remember this, though, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it. Even gone mad. That's why it will be moved to a new home tomorrow. I ask that you do not go looking for it again, Harry. It does not. do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks. One can never have enough socks, Harry. You'll do well to remember that as well.
Good afternoon, Harry.
Tokens from your admirers.
What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret-so naturally, the whole school knows. Your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of-opening your chocolate frogs. Though one suspects Agrippa and Ptolemy still elude him.
Fine. Both of them. Madame Pomfrey has explicitly forbidden visitors. But I think-- with the help of a certain cloak--they've managed to monitor your progress.
Relax, dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicolas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.
He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But, yes, he will die. To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible. But to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Yes, yes. As much money and life as one could ever want--the two things most human beings would choose above all-else. Unfortunately, humans do have a knack for choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone--find it, but not use it-- would be able to get it. One of my more brilliant ideas and, between you and me, that's saying something.
I'm afraid there are other ways for him to return. And when--if--he does, it will take someone willing to fight a losing battle to stop him again. Someone like your parents. Someone like you.
Some people-are like mirrors, Harry. They reflect our most desperate desires. We see what they want us to see. As painful as it surely was you made the right choice.
Do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to touch you, Harry? It's because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark.
No, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. It is the very thing someone like Professor Quirrell-- full. of hatred and greed--cannot understand. Or bear to touch.
Love, Harry. Love.
Ah! Bertie Bott's Every· Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and  since then I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee.
Alas! Ear wax!
Another year gone! Now as I understand it, the House Cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with 312. In third place, Hufflepuff, with 352. In  second, Ravenclaw, with 426. And in first place, with 472 points...Slytherin. House. Yes-well done, Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. I have a few last minute points to award. First, to Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect when others were in grave peril...fifty points. Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years...fifty points. Third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House...sixty points. And finally...it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but even more to stand up to our friends. I therefore award 10 points to...Mr. Neville Longbottom.
Assuming my calculations are correct, I believe a change of decoration is in order.
She will not be leaving. Behind Umbridge, the crowd parts slowly, and Dumbledore moves down the steps.
Oh, I agree with you, Professor Umbridge. You do have the power to dismiss my teachers. However... He looks at Trelawney, who stands alone in the entry hall, smiling at Dumbledore through her tears.  ...You cannot send them from this castle. That is still my decision. Professor Trelawney will remain here. Umbridge turns to him, furious.
Happily, that will not be necessary. I have found a successor for good Professor Trelawney already. As you know... Umbridge is looking mutinous.  ...the Ministry can only appoint new teachers if I cannot find one.
(CONT'D) .--which are posted in an extensive list on the door to Mr. Filch's door. Harry grins at Fred and George.  Also, we have two staffing changes this year. Professor Grubby-Plank will be taking the post of Care of Magical Creatures post as Professor Hagrid is on...extended leave. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchange glances.  Additionally, we have Professor Umbridge, who has kindly agreed to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts-— At this, UMBRIDGE stands and clears her throat.
Our explanation begins with your scar. You already know that it is a connection between you and Voldemort, and that this connection goes both ways. (pause)
Haven’t you wondered why I haven’t spoken to you, even looked at you, for months?
Sirius told me you believed there was a snake inside of you. This was Voldemort attempting to manipulate you. To protect you from this, I had you study Occlumency.
No. Harry draws his wand, looking furious.
It is my fault Sirius died tonight. (pause )
Only if the Dementors are still taking their orders from only the Ministry these days. I believe you know my views on this, Cornelius.
If the Dementors are taking their orders from the Ministry exclusively, then it must certainly follow logically that someone in the Ministry ordered the attack. (pause ) And in that case, I'm sure the Ministry will make a full inquiry.
On the contrary, Cornelius. If they were there, then Harry was acting in self-defense, which is perfectly allowable under Clause Seven of the Decree of Reasonable Restriction of Underaged Wizardry. (pause ) We are all in agreement on this?
Witness for the Defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. Harry turns in his seat. Dumbledore stands by the door of the COURTROOM, looking up at the Minister.
(cont'd) Sirius was tending to the wounds when you called.
She was quite right, Harry. Kreacher is what wizards have made him. He is to be pitied, not hated.
He didn’t hate Kreacher himself. Kreacher was a reminder to Sirius of the home he had always hated.
It is time to tell you what I should have five years ago. No doubt you have wondered why it was that I sent you there and not to a wizarding family? (pause)
(cont'd) All Educational Decrees will be nullified and you will call off the search on Hagrid so he can return to work. Fudge is sputtering incomprehensibly.
Portus. He motions Harry over.
The Second War has begun, Minister. Harry takes the head with Dumbledore, and they vanish from the Ministry of Magic.
Thank you... He takes a small baby Phoenix from his pocket and places it on Fawkes’ stand. Dumbledore’s desk has been repaired, and the Pensive rests upon it.  Please sit, Harry. Harry is staring at him, bitterness and sorrow evident on his face.
You forget that Sirius was my friend too. You are not the only person on this earth capable of feelings, Harry. Harry nearly snarls at him.  There is no shame in feeling pain, Harry. It is your greatest strength...
What can’t I know? Harry grabs an instrument from one of the tables and throws it across the room.  This pain is part of being human, Harry...
(cont'd) This magic is what your mother gave you when she died. That protection would only work, however, if you were cared for by a blood relative. Your Aunt, Petunia.
Perhaps not. But she took you in, however grudgingly. As long as you can call your Aunt’s house your home, you are protected. Harry looks away.  And now we come to the moment of terrible truth, the moment I have dreaded for fifteen years. The moment when I must lay another burden atop your already straining shoulders. Harry stares into his blue eyes.  Do you remember your first year here? When you lay in the hospital wing fresh from your confrontation with Voldemort? Harry nods.  Do you remember what you asked me that night?
Excellent. Dumbledore gets out of his chair, vanishes it with the wave of a wand, and sweeps from the COURTROOM. Harry gets out of the wooden chair, glances upward at Umbridge. Their eyes meet for a split second. She glowers at him. Harry exits.
conjures up a SQUASHY, CHINTZ armchair next to Harry's and sits down with a mild squeak. He steeples his fingers and looks up at the Minister with an expression of polite interest.
Minister, you have just seen You- Know-Who in the flesh only seconds ago! It is time to come to your senses! Fudge looks cowed.  If you insist on trying to arrest me, I am perfectly willing demonstrate how useless such an attempt will be. No one looks remotely interested in trying to arrest Dumbledore.
Minister, you will order the removal of Dolores Umbridge from my school. (pause ) Also, she will probably need medical attention, having had a violent encounter with some Centaurs earlier this evening. (pause )
(cont'd) Once he discovered the connection, Voldemort had little difficulty in manipulating you into thinking he had captured Sirius.
Kreacher lied. He wanted you to go to the Department of Mysteries.
Kreacher has been serving two masters for some months now.
It appears that when Sirius told him to get out, Kreacher thought he meant out of the house. So he went to the Black’s closest relatives, the Malfoys. (pause) Obviously, they questioned him. Sirius had forbidden him from giving up important secrets. But Sirius had neglected to mention his relationship with you. (pause) He told them how you saw him as a mixture of father and brother, and that you would move heaven and earth to save Sirius. (pause) Voldemort knew that making you believe he had Sirius in the Department of Mysteries would force you there.
Ah. Apparently Kreacher had injured Buckbeak to distract him in case you tried to contact Headquarters.
Yes. I thought he could overcome his feelings towards your father, but I was wrong. Some wounds cut too deep to be healed.
Again, some wounds run too deep to be healed, Harry. Severus and Sirius never liked each other at school. This has never changed. Harry glares at the carpet.  During your Occulumency lessons, Professor Snape discovered that you were dreaming about the door in the Department of Mysteries.
Yes. Voldemort has been obsessed with hearing that prophesy since he returned. Because of your scar, what he was obsessed with, you were obsessed with, in the form of dreams. (pause)
Harry! He runs to Harry’s side and touches his skin. He closes his eyes and whispers a spell. Harry’s eyes snap open.  Are you all right, Harry? Harry nods, dazed.
If you and your men will proceed to the Death Room, you will find several Death Eaters which I and some others have apprehended. Fudge points at Dumbledore.
Actually, we have a witness to the presence of the Dementors in question.
You have no idea the pain it causes me to tell it to you, even now. But unfortunately, I must.
The reason Voldemort tried to kill you is because of a prophesy made just before your birth. By attempting to kill you, he believed he was fulfilling the terms of the prophesy. Voldemort’s mistake was that he had not heard the entire prophesy. (pause) That is the weapon we have been guarding, and which he has been so desperately seeking: the knowledge of how to destroy you. Harry sighs this time. He looks at the floor.
An excellent question, Harry. The answer lies in the prophesy.
That was not the only place the Prophesy is preserved. Dumbledore raises his wand to his temple and extracts a memory, placing it in the pensive. He waves his wand over it. The ghostly image of Professor Trelawney rises from the bowl.
It means that the only person with a chance of defeating Voldemort was born at the end of July to parents who had resisted him three times before.
You should not have come here tonight, Tom.
There is a room in the Department of Mysteries which is kept locked at all times. It contains a force so wonderful and yet terrible that it is greater than death itself. It is that power which you have incredible amounts of and of which Voldemort has none.
This power drove you to save Sirius tonight. It kept Voldemort from possessing you, he cannot bear to touch it. (pause ) In the end, it was your heart and not your head that saved you. Harry looks away.  There is only the end of the prophesy which we haven't addressed. It states “neither can live while the other survives.” Harry slowly looks up at Dumbledore.  It is the final burden which I must place on you, Harry.
Yes. They sit quietly together. Dumbledore softly wipes a tear from his cheek.
Stay where you are, Harry! Dumbledore sounds frightened. Then Harry SCREAMS. His scar simply SPLITS open and BLOOD
There are other ways to destroy a man, Tom.
You are quite wrong, Tom, as you have always been. Voldemort fires another killing curse at Dumbledore. Fawkes the Phoeniz swoops down from above and SWALLOWS the jet of green light, EXPLODING into flames and falling to the earth. Dumbledore spins, sending a constant flow of BLINDING LIGHT
Interestingly, there were two boys whom the prophesy could have been referring to. You and Neville Longbottom.
You forget the next qualification of the prophesy. The Dark Lord will mark this boy as his equal. (pause) In giving you that scar, Voldemort did so. I’m afraid that the prophesy is most certainly referring to you.
He chose the child he believed to be the more dangerous. He chose the “half-blood” wizard because he saw some of himself in you. (pause ) He tried to kill you and instead gave you the power and the future to destroy him.
Voldemort had an informant listening to my meeting with Professor Trelawney. Fortunately he was discovered before he could hear the entire prophesy. Voldemort had to act immediately, he didn’t know the rest of the prophesy. All he knew was that he had to destroy the child who would grow to be a threat to his power.
Many of our previous headmasters and mistresses have portraits in other institutions, allowing them to move between them. He motions for all of them to sit. They sit. Dumbledore moves to Fawkes.  Fawkes, we will need a warning. The PHOENIX vanishes in a blast of fire. Dumbledore sits back at his desk and pulls a SILVERY,
Naturally, naturally. (pause) But in essence divided? Harry and Ron exchange confused looks. Everard returns to his portrait.  What news?
Good. (to McGonagall)
It’s fine. Now listen to me, Harry. Keep studying Occlumency! Do everything Professor Snape tells you. He grips Harry’s shoulder.  Close your mind! You will understand, in time. Fudge is stirring.  Lay back down. They must not think we have had time to talk. They do so. He moves to Fawkes. Fudge opens his eyes. Dumbledore grabs onto Fawkes’ tail, and the two VANISH in a BLAST of FIRE.
Professor McGonagall, and...ah... Dumbledore does not look at Harry, even acknowledge his presence.  What can I do for you?
How did you see this? How were you positioned when you saw it?
Is Arthur seriously injured?
You were listening?
(cont'd) Minerva, the rest of the Weasleys will need to be awoken. She nods and departs. Dumbledore again turns to the portraits hanging on the wall.  Phineas.
Phineas, I need you to visit your other portrait. Tell Sirius what happened and that we are coming to stay for a while.
“Portus.” McGonagall returns with Ginny, Fred, and George in tow.
Naturally. All of you did rather well on your spellwork at this school, but if you attempt to take me in by force, I’m afraid I shall have to hurt you. In one motion, all of them draw their wands. Harry dives for cover. Dumbledore is fastest. There is an instant of BLINDING LIGHT as spells blast in all directions. A spell strikes Dumbledore’s desk with a BANG, and explodes. Dust fills the room. There is a shout and some SCUFFLING OF FEET, another BANG, and silence. Harry blinks and stands as the dust settles. Dumbledore hasn’t moved. Fudge, the Auror, Dolores, Kingsley, and Percy are all laying on the floor, unconscious. Dumbledore’s desk has been broken in half, and all of the tables overturned. He moves swiftly to McGonagall, Harry, and Marietta.  Are you all right? McGonagall is standing, dusting herself off.
I’m not going into hiding. Fudge will soon regret removing me from Hogwarts. Harry moves to Dumbledore’s side.
Quite correct, Cornelius.
(pleasantly) That’s right.
Quiet, Harry!
Ah, yes. I was wondering when we'd hit that little snag.
But I do. You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I would ‘come quietly.’
Fawkes’s warning. Umbridge knows you're out of bed. Minerva, head her off. Tell her anything you can think of. McGonagall departs again. Phineas returns to his portrait.
We're going by Portkey. They all grab the pot, and VANISH.
You may be High Inquisitor of this school, Professor Umbridge, but kindly do not manhandle my students. Fudge looks pleased. He claps his hands and rubs them excitedly.
I’m not sure that’s true, Professor.
In point of fact, when young Potter met those students it was not illegal.
Again, I cannot have you manhandling my students, Professor Umbridge. She laughs, softly, and lets Marietta go.
Well, Minister. You’ve caught me.
Correct again. I must confess that
...They are not.
I am well aware of our bylaws, Severus, having written quite a  few of them myself. However, as head of Gryffindor house, it is for Professor  McGonagall to determine the appropriate action.
Argus! Argus, I... Everyone will proceed to their dormitories  immediately. Everyone except... you three.
She’s not dead, Argus. She has been Petrified.
But how she has been Petrified, I cannot say...
Innocent until proven guilty, Severus.
We will be able to cure her, Argus. As I understand it, Madame  Sprout has a very healthy growth of Mandrakes. When matured, a potion will be  made which will revive Mrs. Norris. And in the meantime, I strongly recommend  caution... to all.
There’s been another attack.
It means...that our students are in great danger.
The truth. Tell them Hogwarts is no longer safe. It is as we  feared, Minerva. The Chamber of Secrets has indeed been opened again.
Harry?
Oh, and about time, too. He’s been looking dreadful for days.  Pity you had to see him on a burning day. Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. They  burst into flame when it is time for them to die, and then they are reborn  from the ashes.
Ah, fascinating creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely  heavy loads, and their- their tears have healing powers.
Hagrid-
Hagrid! Relax. I do not believe that Harry attacked anyone.
Yes.
No, Harry. I do not think it was you... But I must ask you, is  there something you wish to tell me?
Very well, then. Off you go.
Riddle! Come.
It is not wise to be wandering around this late hour, Tom.
I’m afraid they are, Tom. They are true.
I understand Tom, but I’m afraid Headmaster Dippet may have no  choice.
Is there something you wish to tell me?
Very well, then. Off you go.
Good evening, Hagrid. I wonder, could we...?
I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full  confidence.
Well, what exactly is it that you want with me?
Calm yourself, Hagrid. If the governors desire my removal, I  will, of course, step aside. However, you will find that help will always be  given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.
You both realize, of course, that in the past few hours you have  broken perhaps a dozen school rules?
And there is sufficient evidence to have you both expelled.
Therefore, it is only fitting, that you both receive Special  Awards for Services to the School.
And now, Mr. Weasley, if you would, have an owl deliver these  release papers to Azkaban? I believe we- we want our gamekeeper back.  Harry... first, I want to thank you, Harry. You must have shown me real  loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to  you. And, um... second, I sense that something is troubling you. Am I right,  Harry?
I see. Well, you can speak Parseltongue, Harry. Why? Because Lord  Voldemort can speak Parseltongue. If I’m not mistaken, Harry, he transferred  some of his powers to you the night he gave you that scar.
Not intentionally, but yes.
It’s true, Harry. You possess many of the qualities that  Voldemort himself prizes. Determination, resourcefulness, and if I may say  so, a certain disregard for the rules. Why then did the Sorting Hat place you  in Gryffindor?
Exactly, Harry! Exactly! Which makes you different from  Voldemort. It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our  choices. If you want proof why you belong in Gryffindor, then I suggest that  you look more closely at this. Be careful.
Ah- it would take a true Gryffindor to pull that out of the hat.
When the governors learned that Arthur Weasley’s daughter was  taken into the Chamber, they saw fit to summon me back.
Curiously, Lucius, several of them were under the impression that  you would curse their families, if they did not agree to suspend me in the  first place.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, yes.
Voldemort.
Only, this time, he chose to act through somebody else, by means  of this.
Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter discovered it. One hopes that  no more of Lord Voldemort’s old school things should find their way into  innocent hands. The consequences for the one responsible would be severe.
Before we begin the feast, let us have a round of applause for  Professor Sprout and Madame Pomfrey, whose Mandrake juice has been so  successfully administered to all who had been Petrified. Also, in light of  the recent events, as a school treat, all exams have been canceled.
Welcome! Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! I have a few things to say, before we become befuddled by our excellent feast. I myself am particularly looking forward to the flaming kiwi cups, which, while somewhat treacherous for those of us with facial hair...
Mm. Yes. First, I'm pleased to welcome Professor R.J. Lupin, who has kindly consented to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts. Good luck to you, Professor.
As some of you may know, Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher for many years, has decided to retire in order to spend more time with his remaining limbs. Fortunately, I'm delighted to announce that his place will be filled by none other than our own Rubeus Hagrid!
(turning grave)
The Dementors will be stationed at the entrances to the grounds. While they are under strict orders not to enter the castle itself, you will on occasion see them as you go about your daily activities. Under no circumstances are you to approach them. It is not in the nature of a Dementor to be forgiving.
Mr. Filch. Round up the ghosts. Tell them to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady.
Dear lady. Who did this to you?
Secure the castle, Mr. Filch. The rest of you... to the Great Hall.
(nodding)
I do not believe a single professor inside this castle would have helped Sirius Black enter it, Severus.
No... I feel quite confident the castle is safe. And I'm more than willing to let the students return to their Houses. But tomorrow. For now, let them sleep...
It's astonishing what the body can endure when the mind allows itself to rest.
Sir Cadogan. Is it possible that you let a mysterious man enter Gryffindor Tower tonight?
Scabbers...?
I do, Miss Granger. But I'm sorry to say the word of three thirteen- year-old wizards will convince few others. A child's voice, however honest and true, is meaningless to those who have forgotten how to listen.
Ah... a shooting star. If ever one was to make a wish, now would be the time. But time, I'm afraid, is precisely our problem...
Mysterious thing, time. Powerful. And, when meddled with... dangerous. Sirius Black is in the topmost cell of the Dark Tower.
By the way, when in doubt, I find retracing my steps to be a wise place to begin... Good luck.
(O.S.) Excuse me, Minister. I believe I must sign as well...
Professor Dippet had those blackberries planted when he was Headmaster...
(a hint of amusement)
I'm quite sure the Minister isn't suggesting that you had anything to do with it, Hagrid. How could you? You've been with us all along.
Search the skies if you must, Minister. In the meantime, I wouldn't say no to a cup of tea, Hagrid. Or... a large brandy.
By the way, when in doubt, I always find retracing my steps to be a wise place to begin... Good luck.
Well?
Did what?
Now we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement. This castle will not only be your home this year but home to some very special guests as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...
So Hogwarts has been choosen to host a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament. Now for those of you who do not know, the tri-wizard tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school a single contestant is selected to compete. Now let me be clear, if choosen you stand alone. And trust me when I say these contests are not for the faint hearted, but more of that later. For now please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic and their headmistress Madam Maxime.
And now our friends from the north, please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and the high master Igor Karkaroff.
Igor.  They embrace.
Not to worry Madame Maxime, our gamekeeper Hagrid's more than capable of seeing to them.
Your attention please! I would like to say a few words. Eternal glory, that is what awaits the student who wins the tri-wizard tournament. But to do this that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.
For this reason the ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule. To explain all this we have the head of the department of international magic cooperation Mister Bartimus Crouch.  Thunder roars overhead, rain begins leaking through the roof and screams break out. A strange man stands in the doorway, he casts some magic upwards and seals the roof. Peace is restored.
My dear old friend, thanks for coming.
Silence!  Dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing a blue flame.   The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to submit themselves for the tournament merely write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's no turning back. As from this moment the tri-wizard tournament has begun.
Sit down please. And now the moment you've all been waiting for, the champions selection!  Dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red. A name comes out. Everyone looks on anxiously.   The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor Krum!  The Durmstrang crowd cheer. Another name comes out.   The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur Delacour  The Beauxbatons girls cheer as Fleur walks up. Another name comes out.   The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.   Hogwarts pupils cheer as Cedric takes the stage.   Excellent! we now have our three champions! But in the end only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory the tri-wizard cup!  People cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another name flies out. Dumbledore takes it and reads...   Harry Potter. Harry Potter?
Harry Potter!
Harry! Did you put your name in the goblet of fire?
Did you ask one of the older students to do it for you?
You're absolutely sure?
That doesn't help Alastor. Leave this to you Barty.
What do you suggest Minerva?
You heard Barty the rules are clear.

Don't let him know though, he must be anxious enough as it is... knowing what lies ahead. Then again, we all are.
Good day champions. Gather round please. Now you've waited, you've wondered and at last the moment has arrived. The moment only four of you can fully appreciate.   The champions gather around him in a circle.   What are you doing here Miss Granger?
Barty. The bag.
Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory the sound of the cannon...  The cannon fires immediately.  Transcribed by IMSDb.com

(Over a loudspeaker) Welcome to the second task. Last night something was stolen from each of our champions. A treasure of sorts. These four treasures, one for each champion, now lie on the bottom of the black lake. In order to win each champion need only find their treasure and return to the surface. Simple enough. Except for this, they will have one hour to do so and one hour only. After that they'll be on their own.
(Continued) You may begin at the start of the cannon.  The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of them dive in while Harry is pushed. Underwater the effects of gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed.
(Over the loudspeaker) The Beauxbatons champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately been forced to retire. She will take no further part in this task.
Harry!
Attention! Attention! The winner is... Mr Diggory!  Cedric and his friends cheer.   For showing unique command of the bubblehead shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr Weasly but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre.   As they're walking away from the lake Harry's friends are cheering him.
Then for once show them some.
But surely that is what's right, no matter what others think.
Oh not necessary Harry the minister and I are done. I'll be back in a moment. Minister, after you. Harry do feel free to indulge in a liquorice snack in my absence, but I have to warn you they're a little bit sharp.  Harry is left alone in the room. He puts his hand in the snackbowl and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips at his hand.
The counsel is very much aware you have given evidence on this matter. Severus Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned spy for us at great personal risk. Today he's no more a deatheater than I am.   Igor protests loudly.
Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you should exercise caution. It's a pensieve, useful if like me you find your mind a wee bit stretched. It allows me to see what small things I've already seen. You see Harry I've searched and searched for something, some small detail. Something
He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty to do it. But he had no choice, the evidence was overwhelming. Why do you ask?
Have there been other dreams like this?
Cast them away.
Earlier today Professor Moody placed the tri-wizards cup deep within the maze. Only he knows its exact position. Now as Mr Diggory...  The crowd cheer on hearing his name.   (continued) and Mr Potter tied for first position they will be the first to enter the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...  The bulgarian crowd go nuts.   (continued) The first person to touch the cup will be the winner. I've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter, if at any point should a contestant wish to withdraw from the task he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands. Contestants, gather round.    (To the contestants) In the maze you'll find not dragons or creatures of the deep. Instead you'll face something more challenging. You see, people change in the maze. Oh find the cup if you can, but be very weary you could just lose yourselves along the way.
On the count of three... ONE...  The cannon goes off. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Dumbledore groans. Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances. The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing the maze, creature noises are all around.  Cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on him. He makes a run for it. Fleur is running around scared, she is attacked and knocked down. Viktor comes along and sees she's unconscious on the ground, he walks on. Harry sees Fleur being swallowed into the undergrowth.
Harry! Harry!  Dumbledore tries to prize Harry from Cedric's body.   Tell me what happened!
It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's home, you both are.
Severus...  Severus administers some veritaserum. Mad-Eye wriggles demonically.    Do you know who I am?
Are you Alastor Moody? Are ya?
Is he in this room? Is he in this room?   We see a nod.   Harry get away from there!  Dumbledore approaches the chest. The chest opens, it contains a series of smaller chests. When the final chest is open we see that there's a pit within holding a man the real Alastor Moody.    Are you alright Alastor?
Now we know who's been stealing it from your store Severus.  Dumbledore looks into the pit.   We'll get you up in a minute.  Alastor Moody groans. The Mad-Eye Moody they have captive in a chair begins to twitch about restlessly making strange noises. He appears to be transforming. He rips off his fake eyepiece which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into Barty Crouch Junior.   Barty Crouch Junior.
Your arm Harry.
Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll find they're missing a prisoner.
Perhaps. Personally I've never had much time for heroes.
(Speaking to all pupils) Today we acknowledge a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory was as you all know, exceptionally hard working, intricately fair minded. And most importantly a fierce fierce friend.
Priorium Contatum. You saw your parents that night didn't you? They reappeared.   Harry nods.
No spell can reawaken the dead Harry
amidst a MOB of REPORTERS. CAMERAS FLASH. Dumbledore’s hand finds his shoulder and Harry is moving, drifting through the chaos, Dumbledore protective, graceful, dignified.
Rather unpleasant to behold, isn’t it? The tale is thrilling if I do say so myself, but I’m afraid now is not the time to tell it. Take my arm. (extending it) Do as I say. Harry glances across the platform, sees the freckled Waitress appear, eye his empty table. Slowly, he reaches out and -- instantly -- all goes BLACK in a RUSH of SOUND and FURY, as if Harry had been pitched headlong into a tornado. Seconds later...
Indeed. And quite successfully I might add. Most people vomit their first time.
Welcome to the charming village of Budleigh Babberton, Harry. I assume right about now you’re wondering why I’ve brought you here, am I right?
Wand out, Harry.
Lumos... The tip of Dumbledore’s WAND BLAZES. He sweeps the shadows. CALLS OUT.  Horace! Nothing. Dumbledore points his wand down a NARROW
(nodding to the ceiling) Dragon’s blood.
Ah yes. Introductions. Harry, this is an old friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn. Horace, this is, well, you know who this is. (a droll whisper) Apparently there’s some thought he may be the Chosen One. Slughorn stares at Harry as if hypnotized.  So why all the theatrics, Horace? You weren’t perhaps expecting someone else, were you?
Take matters into their own hands? Slughorn eyes Dumbledore miserably, gestures.
Well, I think it should be put back in order for them, don’t you? Mind?
That was fun. May I use the loo? As Dumbledore heads down the hall, Slughorn calls after.
Mind if I take this? I do love knitting patterns. Slughorn blinks, looks away from Harry and finds Dumbledore standing there, clutching a MUGGLE MAGAZINE.
Indeed they are.
You are talented, famous and powerful -- everything Horace values. Professor Slughorn is going to try to collect you, Harry. You would be his crowning jewel. That is why he is returning to Hogwarts. And it is crucial he return... Harry looks intrigued by this last statement, but before he can pursue it, Dumbledore glances ruefully at the moon.
You’ll not be going back to Little Whinging tonight, Harry.
Both are waiting for you. Dumbledore extends his arm. Mystified, Harry reaches out. As his fingers touch the silk of Dumbledore’s cloak, he...
The very best of evenings to you! First off, please join me in welcoming the newest member of our staff, Horace Slughorn.
Professor Slughorn, I’m happy to say, has agreed to resume his old post of Potions master. Meanwhile the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be assumed by Professor Snape. This is greeted by stunned silence. Dumbledore frowns, then attempts to generate something by CLAPPING his hands once. A few Slytherins join in and some dim-witted First Years.  Now, as you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival tonight. You have a right to know why.
Today, of course, the world knows him by another name. Which is why, as I stand looking out upon you all tonight, I am reminded of a sobering fact. Each day, every hour, this very minute perhaps, dark forces attempt to penetrate this castle. But in the end, their greatest weapon remains... you. Harry eyes Malfoy, slouched low, lazily levitating a fork with his wand, as if Dumbledore were unworthy of attention.  Just something to keep in mind. Now, off to bed. Pip pip!
(CONT'D)
Good evening, Harry. You got my message, I see. Come, come. Sit. Harry steps forward, eyes the Pensieve curiously. Sits.  So. How are you?
Enjoying your classes? Professor Slughorn, for one, is most impressed with you.
Do you?
And what of your activities outside the classroom? Do they bring you satisfaction?
Forgive me, Harry, I...
... I was merely curious. (rising) In any event, I’m sure you’re wondering why I’ve summoned you here tonight. The answer lies here. Dumbledore swings open a cabinet where DOZENS upon DOZENS of GLITTERING VIALS stand like tiny glimmering soldiers.  What you see before you are memories. In this case pertaining to one individual: Voldemort. Or as he was known then... Tom Riddle. Dumbledore reaches down with his damaged hand and removes a stoppered VIAL, dusty and veined with age.  This vial contains a most particular memory -- of the day I first met him. I’d like you to see it. If you would... Dumbledore extends his ashen hand and Harry rises, gingerly takes the vial and removes the cork. He tips the contents into the Pensieve. Dumbledore nods and Harry leans into the iridescent liquid, his face breaking the surface...
Perhaps you could give me an example. Mrs. Cole starts to speak, then shakes her head, moves off. As Dumbledore makes to follow, his eyes happen upon a FRAMED PHOTOGRAPH on the wall, old and yellowing, depicting a SEASIDE SCENE of a SHARP ROCK OUTCROPPING and a CAVE. As he exits, we HOLD ON it.
How do you do, Tom. Riddle eyes Dumbledore briefly, looks away.
As you wish. Riddle looks away and Dumbledore, for the first time, notices his hands. They are splayed, utterly still, and
No. I am a Professor.
Perhaps they’re right.
Hogwarts is not a place for mad people. Riddle looks up, cocks his head ever-so-slightly.  It’s a school. A school of... magic. Riddle stays looking, but says nothing.  You can do things, can’t you, Tom? Things the other children can’t. Riddle eyes Dumbledore intensely, unblinking.
Tell me some of the things you can do, Tom.
I’m like you, Tom. Different. Riddle closes his hands and the web collapses.
Take it out. As Riddle’s fingers touch the box, the flames engulfing the wardrobe vanish, but the box continues to SHAKE -- the only sound in the now-silent room.  Is there anything in that box you ought not to have? Riddle eyes Dumbledore, a trifle fearfully this time. He spills the box onto the bed: a YO-YO, a silver THIMBLE, and a tarnished MOUTH ORGAN.  Why did you want these things, Tom?
Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts. At Hogwarts, you will be taught not only how to use magic, but to control it. Understood? (as Riddle nods) I’ll be going now, Tom. Leave your window open tonight. An owl will bring you a message. Read it carefully. Dumbledore starts to exit, when:
It is unusual. But not unheard of. Dumbledore exits then, without a backward glance, leaving 11-year-old Tom Riddle alone. The IMAGE SHUDDERS and...
Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark Wizard of all time? No. Had I... Dumbledore falters, his expression troubled. Harry looks up from the Pensieve, where young Tom Riddle’s fragmented face floats on the surface, eyes Dumbledore.  Over time, while here at Hogwarts, Tom Riddle grew close to one particular teacher. Can you guess which teacher that might be?
No. I did not. You see, Professor Slughorn possesses something I desire very dearly. And he will not part with it easily... (eyeing Harry knowingly) I’d rather not divulge any more just yet, Harry. But I promise. In time you will know everything.
Yes.
Confused? I would be surprised if you weren’t.
This is perhaps the most important memory I’ve collected. It’s also a lie. (off Harry’s look) This memory has been tampered with. In this case by the person whose memory it is, our friend Professor Slughorn.
Why indeed. Dumbledore trails his withered fingers in the Pensieve.
You’re the Chosen One, Harry. And Horace is, at heart, a decent man. Provide the proper circumstances and he will confess his sins. Dumbledore lifts his fingers from the Pensieve, studies them. They are, in this moment, iridescent, whole.  This memory is everything, Harry. Without it, we are blind. Without it, we leave the fate of our world to chance. You have no choice. You must not fail. As Harry watches, the damp sheen enveloping Dumbledore’s hand evaporates and once again his fingers decay.
(CONT'D)
Quick thinking on your part, Harry. Using a Bezoar. You must be very proud of your student, eh, Horace?
Why indeed. Dumbledore takes the half-empty bottle of mead, still bearing a bit of GIFTWRAP.
This appears to be a gift, Horace. You don’t by chance remember who gave you this bottle, do you -- which by the way possesses remarkably subtle hints of licorice and cherry when not polluted with poison.
To whom might I ask?
Ah, to be young and feel love’s keen sting. Come, everyone, I think Mr. Weasley is well tended. As Dumbledore leads the others past Harry, Harry studies him. Ginny passes, face very close, WHISPERING as she indicates Ron and Hermione.
How is he? Horace? Harry shrugs. Dumbledore nods, then tips his hand. A
(haunted) This is beyond anything I imagined. In my life I have seen things that are unimaginably horrific. I know now... you will see worse. Dumbledore looks off, his eyes distant. Harry watches him intently, as do the HEADMASTERS in their frames above. Finally, tentatively, Harry speaks.
Oh he succeeded. And not just once. Think, Harry. He’s just told us.
They can be anything. The most commonplace of objects. A ring, for example. Or a book... Dumbledore slides open a drawer, removes the RING and Tom Riddle’s battered DIARY.
It’s a Horcrux, yes. Four years ago, when you saved Ginny Weasley’s life in the Chamber of Secrets, when you brought me this -- (holding up the diary)
Belonged to Voldemort’s mother. It was difficult to find and... (raising his damaged hand) ... even more difficult to destroy.
One destroys Voldemort. Harry begins to reach out for the ring...
True. But magic, especially Dark magic...
... leaves traces. Harry’s clenched hand SPASMS, RELEASES. The ring skitters across Dumbledore’s desk and Harry brings a hand to his chest, a look of bewilderment on his face. Dumbledore watches the ring spin down, then glances at Harry and slowly extends his own hand, lightly touching the center of Harry’s chest with the tips of ashen fingers, as if reading braille, as if he can somehow “see” into Harry’s heart. Trepidation -- and recognition -- flicker over his face.
Yes. And I think... perhaps... I may have found another. But this time I cannot hope to destroy it alone. Harry peers into Dumbledore’s eyes. Dumbledore nods.  Once again, I shall ask too much of you.
Whether it has or hasn’t is irrelevant. I will not negotiate this with you, Severus. You agreed. There’s nothing more to discuss. Harry stands poised, peering upward, where Dumbledore squints toward the dying sun and Snape glares at his back. Finally, Snape turns away and -- before Harry can react -- is descending the stairs. Seeing Harry, Snape falters briefly, then continues on without a word. As his FOOTSTEPS fade, Harry ascends to the upper tier. Dumbledore turns. Smiles.  Harry. You need a shave, my friend. Harry runs his hand over his face.  At times I forget how much you’ve grown. At times I still see the small boy from the cupboard. (smiling) Forgive my mawkishness, Harry. I am an old man.
Like your mother, you are unfailingly kind.
The place to which we journey tonight is exceedingly dangerous, Harry. I promised that you could accompany me and I stand by that promise. But there is a condition: You must obey any command I give you -- without question.
Understand what I’m saying. Should I tell you to hide, you must hide. Harry nods. *  Should I tell you to run, you will * run. Harry nods. *  And should I tell you to abandon * me and save yourself... Harry’s eyes rise, meet Dumbledore’s. *  * You will do so. * Harry hesitates.  Your word, Harry. Harry debates this internally, then, finally, nods. *
Take my arm.
(CONT'D)
Being me has its privileges. The WIND GUSTS and Harry reaches out. Dumbledore’s CLOAK
This is the place. Oh yes, this place has known magic. (closing his eyes) Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle once stood many, many years ago, when he was but a poor orphan boy with a penchant for cruelty... Dumbledore’s wand stops briefly in its arc and his face registers pain, as if detecting some past unpleasantry. He begins to TRACE HIS FINGERS over the surface of the rock.  One wintry afternoon, he lured two younger classmates to this cave. What happened is unclear. But this much is known: the children were damaged. Dumbledore begins to MURMUR in a STRANGE WHISPER as his fingers play over the rock... then stop. His eyes open. He takes a dagger from his robes and draws the blade across his forearm, speckling the rock face with scarlet beads.
In order to gain passage, payment must be made, payment intended to weaken any intruder.
Oh, no, Harry. Your blood is much more precious than mine.
Careful. The water. Harry peers into the lake. It is black as ink.
It’s there. The only question is how do we get to it?
Perhaps not.
If you would, Harry... Quickly Harry grasps the end of the chain and together he and Dumbledore pull, end over end, until the PROW of a
Only recreationally. You see, I believe one creates one’s own luck. Harry looks down into the water, watches a FACE skim by beneath the surface.
Yes.
Remember... the water. Harry nods, steps out carefully and joins Dumbledore at the source of the GLOW -- a BASIN filled with a
Oh yes. Dumbledore steps back, ponders the basin. Notes the
It has to be drunk. (as Harry reacts) You remember the condition on which I brought you with me?
This potion might paralyze me. It might cause me to forget why I’m here. It might create so much pain I beg for relief. You are not to indulge these requests, Harry. It is your job to make sure I keep drinking this potion even if you have to force it down my throat. Understood?
Because I am much older, much cleverer... and much less valuable. (taking the goblet) Your good health, Harry. Dumbledore dips the goblet into the gleaming liquid and brings it to his lips. Drinks deep. Closes his eyes.
Don’t... don’t make me... Harry eyes Dumbledore’s anguished face, steels himself.
Nooooooo!!!
Make it stop... Please... make it stop...
My fault. It’s all my fault... Harry brings the goblet up once more. Dumbledore drinks.  Too much... I can’t... take it...
Your word, Harry! Your word!
Water.
Water...
Water! Harry dips the goblet into the basin yet again, brings it to Dumbledore’s lips... but once again finds it empty. Dumbledore tries to speak, but his lips are CRACKING, his tongue like SAND. He GULPS DRILY for air.
Go... Harry turns, confused. Dumbledore’s hand finds his face.  We have to... go. Harry glances to the boat. Flames lick the prow, darkening the wood, but do not destroy it. He nods.
No. Severus... Severus is who I need... Go and wake him... Tell him what has happened...
(smiling faintly) No, Harry. I do not pray. I was merely closing a window -- the one that had allowed us to Apparate. Harry nods, begins to open the door, when FOOTSTEPS sound. Draws his wand. Dumbledore cocks his head, listening. Wincing, he straightens up, as if to mask his infirmity.  Hide yourself below. And do not speak or show yourself without my permission. No matter what. Harry looks down, through the LATTICEWORK at his feet, to the tier below. The FOOTSTEPS DRAW CLOSER.  Do as I say, Harry. Harry hesitates. Dumbledore’s eyes blaze...  Trust me. Harry meets Dumbledore’s eyes, then pockets his wand and slips down the stairs. As he reaches the level below, the DOOR above FLIES OPEN. Harry peers up through the grid, watches Malfoy come INTO VIEW.  Good evening, Draco. What brings you out on such a fine Spring evening? Or is it Summer? Draco stands poised, wand in hand, eyes darting about.
(CONT'D)
You are not an assassin, Draco.
Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping she would, in turn, bear a cursed necklace to me? Like replacing a bottle of mead with one laced with poison. Forgive me, Draco, but these are attempts so feeble I cannot help but question if your heart has been really in them. I’m curious. When Voldemort gave you this task, when he asked you to kill me, was it in a whisper?
Then I shall make it easy for you. Slowly and without intent, Dumbledore draws his wand. * Instantly Malfoy raises his own. *
Well done, Draco. But I warn you. * Killing is not nearly as easy. *
You’re not alone. Are you. There are others. How?
That cabinet has been broken for years.
Ingenious. Let me guess. It has a sister. A twin.
Say that again, Draco. But aloud this time. Draco looks deep into Dumbledore’s eyes. His hand trembles. Transfixed, Harry watches from the shadows. Slowly, Malfoy begins to LOWER HIS WAND... when FOOTSTEPS
Good evening, Bellatrix. I think introductions are in order.
Severus...
Severus... please.

note: there was no dialouge from dumbledore in this movie since hes dead:

That wasn’t my intention. Snape stares fearfully at him.  Stand up, Severus. I haven’t much time. What message do you bring from Lord Voldemort this time?
Is this about the Prophecy?
How much did you relay?
The Prophecy did not refer to a woman. It spoke of a boy born at the end of July --
If she means so much to you, surely Lord Voldemort would spare her in exchange for the boy.
You disgust me. You would sacrifice the life of an innocent child over a schoolboy crush?
And should I do so, what will you give me in return, Severus?
Lily and James put their faith in the wrong person. Rather like you, Severus. Snape reels, staring miserably at the SLATE SKY beyond the windows. Dumbledore studies him cunningly.  The boy survives. Snape’s eyes shift. Regard Dumbledore.  He has her eyes.
If you loved Lily Evans, Severus. If you truly loved her. Then your way is clear.
The Dark Lord will return. And the boy will be in terrible danger when he does. Snape stares once more at the sky beyond. Then, softly:
My word that I shall never reveal the best of you, Severus? If you insist. Snape continues to stare at the sky. We DRIFT TO it. It
Sometimes we see what we expect to see, Severus. Other teachers indicate the boy is modest, likeable and while no prodigy, possesses above-average gifts. Personally, I find him rather engaging.
Perhaps. Oh. Severus. (as he stops) Keep an eye on Professor Quirrell, won’t you?
For the time being?
How long?
Well, this makes matters much more straightforward. Snape studies Dumbledore briefly, looks away.  Do not ignore me, Severus. Was it not you who told me of Lord Voldemort’s plan to have the Malfoy boy murder me?
But should he fail, one would presume the Dark Lord will turn to... you.
You must agree. Snape stares in horror at Dumbledore. Dumbledore nods.  Yes. You must be the one to kill me, Severus. It is the only way. Only then will the Dark Lord trust you completely.
(thundering) Too much! Nothing I could ask is too much. You know what is at stake! You more than anyone! Snape says nothing. Dumbledore sits back, painfully studies his hand.  There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable.
On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric’s Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Lord Voldemort’s soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself. Snape stares in disbelief. Dumbledore nods.  There’s a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There’s a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort’s mind. A part of Lord Voldemort lives inside him.
Yes. And Voldemort himself must do it. That is essential. Snape nods, pondering all of this. His voice is bitter.
But this is touching, Severus. Don’t tell me you’ve grown to care for the boy? Snape eyes Dumbledore fiercely, then:
Lily. After all this time?
(V.O.) The irony of course, Severus, is that -- in the end -- you and the boy desire the same thing...
You cannot help. Harry spins, finds Dumbledore standing within the mist. At the sight of Harry, Dumbledore beams and spreads his arms wide. His hand is whole, no longer damaged.  Harry. You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk.
Oh, yes.
Ah. That is the question, isn’t it? On the whole I think not.
Not.
And that will, I think, have made all the difference. I suspect you now realize that you and Voldemort have been connected by something other than fate since that night in Godric’s Hollow all those years ago, Harry.
Did. It was just destroyed only moments ago by none other than Voldemort himself. Harry plays his fingers over his sternum.  You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry; the Horcrux he never meant to make.
Certain? No. Little is certain in this world, Harry. Call it an educated guess. Dumbledore smiles. Harry ponders this, then, deep in the mist, the THUMPING returns.
Something beyond either of our help. Harry ponders his surroundings.
King’s Cross! Is that right? Well, this is, as they say, your party.
You will have to forgive me, Harry. You see... I didn’t trust you.
You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows, Harry, not me. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, because I took it not for gain, but to save others from it. But I took the Stone because I longed to recall someone who has long been at peace and for that I paid with my life.
Yes.
True. But ask yourself this: were you calling them? Or were they calling you?
(looking him in the eye) You are the true master of death, Harry, because the true master does not seek to run away from death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world.
That is up to you.
Oh yes. We are in King’s Cross, you say? I think, should you so decide, you would be able to, let’s say, board a train.
On. Harry nods.
True.
Yes.
Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.’ Harry glances at him.
I’ve never put much stock in miracles, Harry. On the other hand, I can attest wholly to the extensive advantages of a related phenomenon.
Luck.
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and, above all, those who live without love.
Actually, if I think about it... it doesn’t seem curious at all. (a smile) I’ll be going now, Harry.
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry. But why should that mean that it is not real?
