DUMBLEDORE: Now we're all settled in and sorted, I'd like to make an announcement. This castle will not only be your home this year but home to some very special guests as well. You see Hogwarts has been choosen...  
DUMBLEDORE: So Hogwarts has been choosen to host a legendary event. The Tri-Wizard tournament. Now for those of you who do not know, the tri-wizard tournament brings together three schools for a series of magical contests. From each school a single contestant is selected to compete. Now let me be clear, if choosen you stand alone. And trust me when I say these contests are not for the faint hearted, but more of that later. For now please join me in welcoming the lovely ladies of the Beauxbatons Academy of magic and their headmistress Madam Maxime.  
DUMBLEDORE: And now our friends from the north, please greet the proud sons of Durmstrang and the high master Igor Karkaroff.  
DUMBLEDORE: Igor.  They embrace.  
DUMBLEDORE: Not to worry Madame Maxime, our gamekeeper Hagrid's more than capable of seeing to them. 
DUMBLEDORE: Your attention please! I would like to say a few words. Eternal glory, that is what awaits the student who wins the tri-wizard tournament. But to do this that student must survive three tasks. Three extremely dangerous tasks.  
DUMBLEDORE: For this reason the ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule. To explain all this we have the head of the department of international magic cooperation Mister Bartimus Crouch.  Thunder roars overhead, rain begins leaking through the roof and screams break out. A strange man stands in the doorway, he casts some magic upwards and seals the roof. Peace is restored.  
DUMBLEDORE: My dear old friend, thanks for coming.  
DUMBLEDORE: Silence!  Dumbledore casts magic over a box which melds into a goblet containing a blue flame.  DUMBLEDORE: The goblet of fire. Anyone wishing to submit themselves for the tournament merely write their name upon a piece of parchment and throw it in the flame before this hour on Thursday night. Do not do so lightly, if choosen there's no turning back. As from this moment the tri-wizard tournament has begun.   
DUMBLEDORE: Sit down please. And now the moment you've all been waiting for, the champions selection!  Dumbledore approaches the blue flame and it glows red. A name comes out. Everyone looks on anxiously.  DUMBLEDORE: The Durmstrang champion is ... Viktor Krum!  The Durmstrang crowd cheer. Another name comes out.  DUMBLEDORE: The champion from Beauxbatons... Fleur Delacour  The Beauxbatons girls cheer as Fleur walks up. Another name comes out.  DUMBLEDORE: The Hogwarts champion... Cedric Diggory.   Hogwarts pupils cheer as Cedric takes the stage.  DUMBLEDORE: Excellent! we now have our three champions! But in the end only one will go down in history. Only one will hoist this chalice of champions, this vessel of victory the tri-wizard cup!  People cheer, but the goblet glows red once more and another name flies out. Dumbledore takes it and reads...  DUMBLEDORE: Harry Potter. Harry Potter? 
DUMBLEDORE: Harry Potter! 
DUMBLEDORE: Harry! Did you put your name in the goblet of fire? 
DUMBLEDORE: Did you ask one of the older students to do it for you? 
DUMBLEDORE: You're absolutely sure? 
DUMBLEDORE: That doesn't help Alastor. Leave this to you Barty. 
DUMBLEDORE: What do you suggest Minerva? 
DUMBLEDORE: You heard Barty the rules are clear.  
DUMBLEDORE:
DUMBLEDORE: Don't let him know though, he must be anxious enough as it is... knowing what lies ahead. Then again, we all are.   
DUMBLEDORE: Good day champions. Gather round please. Now you've waited, you've wondered and at last the moment has arrived. The moment only four of you can fully appreciate.   The champions gather around him in a circle.  DUMBLEDORE: What are you doing here Miss Granger?  
DUMBLEDORE: Barty. The bag. 
DUMBLEDORE: Very well. Good luck champions. Mr Diggory the sound of the cannon...  The cannon fires immediately.  Transcribed by IMSDb.com  
DUMBLEDORE:
DUMBLEDORE: (Over a loudspeaker) Welcome to the second task. Last night something was stolen from each of our champions. A treasure of sorts. These four treasures, one for each champion, now lie on the bottom of the black lake. In order to win each champion need only find their treasure and return to the surface. Simple enough. Except for this, they will have one hour to do so and one hour only. After that they'll be on their own. 
DUMBLEDORE: (Continued) You may begin at the start of the cannon.  The cannon fires and the champions enter the water, three of them dive in while Harry is pushed. Underwater the effects of gilliweed take hold, Harry's hands and feet become webbed.   
DUMBLEDORE: (Over the loudspeaker) The Beauxbatons champion Miss Delacour has unfortunately been forced to retire. She will take no further part in this task.  
DUMBLEDORE: Harry! 
DUMBLEDORE: Attention! Attention! The winner is... Mr Diggory!  Cedric and his friends cheer.  DUMBLEDORE: For showing unique command of the bubblehead shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr Weasly but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre.   As they're walking away from the lake Harry's friends are cheering him. 
DUMBLEDORE: Then for once show them some. 
DUMBLEDORE: But surely that is what's right, no matter what others think. 
DUMBLEDORE: Oh not necessary Harry the minister and I are done. I'll be back in a moment. Minister, after you. Harry do feel free to indulge in a liquorice snack in my absence, but I have to warn you they're a little bit sharp.  Harry is left alone in the room. He puts his hand in the snackbowl and takes a handful. It turns into a small creature which nips at his hand. 
DUMBLEDORE: The counsel is very much aware you have given evidence on this matter. Severus Snape was indeed a deatheater and prior to Lord Voldemort's downfall turned spy for us at great personal risk. Today he's no more a deatheater than I am.   Igor protests loudly. 
DUMBLEDORE: Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you should exercise caution. It's a pensieve, useful if like me you find your mind a wee bit stretched. It allows me to see what small things I've already seen. You see Harry I've searched and searched for something, some small detail. Something
DUMBLEDORE: He was sent to Azkaban. Destroyed Barty to do it. But he had no choice, the evidence was overwhelming. Why do you ask? 
DUMBLEDORE: Have there been other dreams like this?  
DUMBLEDORE: Cast them away.  
DUMBLEDORE: Earlier today Professor Moody placed the tri-wizards cup deep within the maze. Only he knows its exact position. Now as Mr Diggory...  The crowd cheer on hearing his name.  DUMBLEDORE: (continued) and Mr Potter tied for first position they will be the first to enter the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...  The bulgarian crowd go nuts.  DUMBLEDORE: (continued) The first person to touch the cup will be the winner. I've instructed the staff to patrol the perimeter, if at any point should a contestant wish to withdraw from the task he or she need only send up red sparks with their wands. Contestants, gather round.   DUMBLEDORE: (To the contestants) In the maze you'll find not dragons or creatures of the deep. Instead you'll face something more challenging. You see, people change in the maze. Oh find the cup if you can, but be very weary you could just lose yourselves along the way. 
DUMBLEDORE: On the count of three... ONE...  The cannon goes off. Mr Filch shrugs comically. Dumbledore groans. Harry and Cedric enter the maze through different entrances. The entrance closes up behind Harry. Heavy mist sets in, we pan out to see the maze is many stories tall. Harry starts traversing the maze, creature noises are all around.  Cedric is walking along, the maze walls begin to close in on him. He makes a run for it. Fleur is running around scared, she is attacked and knocked down. Viktor comes along and sees she's unconscious on the ground, he walks on. Harry sees Fleur being swallowed into the undergrowth. 
DUMBLEDORE: Harry! Harry!  Dumbledore tries to prize Harry from Cedric's body.  DUMBLEDORE: Tell me what happened! 
DUMBLEDORE: It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's home, you both are. 
DUMBLEDORE: Severus...  Severus administers some veritaserum. Mad-Eye wriggles demonically.   DUMBLEDORE: Do you know who I am? 
DUMBLEDORE: Are you Alastor Moody? Are ya? 
DUMBLEDORE: Is he in this room? Is he in this room?   We see a nod.  DUMBLEDORE: Harry get away from there!  Dumbledore approaches the chest. The chest opens, it contains a series of smaller chests. When the final chest is open we see that there's a pit within holding a man the real Alastor Moody.   DUMBLEDORE: Are you alright Alastor? 
DUMBLEDORE: Now we know who's been stealing it from your store Severus.  Dumbledore looks into the pit.  DUMBLEDORE: We'll get you up in a minute.  Alastor Moody groans. The Mad-Eye Moody they have captive in a chair begins to twitch about restlessly making strange noises. He appears to be transforming. He rips off his fake eyepiece which falls on the floor, we see that he's transformed into Barty Crouch Junior.  DUMBLEDORE: Barty Crouch Junior. 
DUMBLEDORE: Your arm Harry. 
DUMBLEDORE: Send an owl to Azkaban, think they'll find they're missing a prisoner.  
DUMBLEDORE: Perhaps. Personally I've never had much time for heroes.  
DUMBLEDORE: (Speaking to all pupils) Today we acknowledge a really terrible loss. Cedric Diggory was as you all know, exceptionally hard working, intricately fair minded. And most importantly a fierce fierce friend.
DUMBLEDORE: Priorium Contatum. You saw your parents that night didn't you? They reappeared.   Harry nods.
DUMBLEDORE: No spell can reawaken the dead Harry
