DUMBLEDORE: She will not be leaving. Behind Umbridge, the crowd parts slowly, and Dumbledore moves down the steps.
DUMBLEDORE: Oh, I agree with you, Professor Umbridge. You do have the power to dismiss my teachers. However... He looks at Trelawney, who stands alone in the entry hall, smiling at Dumbledore through her tears. DUMBLEDORE: ...You cannot send them from this castle. That is still my decision. Professor Trelawney will remain here. Umbridge turns to him, furious.
DUMBLEDORE: Happily, that will not be necessary. I have found a successor for good Professor Trelawney already. As you know... Umbridge is looking mutinous. DUMBLEDORE: ...the Ministry can only appoint new teachers if I cannot find one.
DUMBLEDORE: (CONT'D) .--which are posted in an extensive list on the door to Mr. Filch's door. Harry grins at Fred and George. DUMBLEDORE: Also, we have two staffing changes this year. Professor Grubby-Plank will be taking the post of Care of Magical Creatures post as Professor Hagrid is on...extended leave. Harry, Ron, and Hermione exchange glances. DUMBLEDORE: Additionally, we have Professor Umbridge, who has kindly agreed to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts-— At this, UMBRIDGE stands and clears her throat.
DUMBLEDORE: Our explanation begins with your scar. You already know that it is a connection between you and Voldemort, and that this connection goes both ways. (pause)
DUMBLEDORE: Haven’t you wondered why I haven’t spoken to you, even looked at you, for months?
DUMBLEDORE: Sirius told me you believed there was a snake inside of you. This was Voldemort attempting to manipulate you. To protect you from this, I had you study Occlumency.
DUMBLEDORE: No. Harry draws his wand, looking furious.
DUMBLEDORE: It is my fault Sirius died tonight. (pause )
DUMBLEDORE: Only if the Dementors are still taking their orders from only the Ministry these days. I believe you know my views on this, Cornelius.
DUMBLEDORE: If the Dementors are taking their orders from the Ministry exclusively, then it must certainly follow logically that someone in the Ministry ordered the attack. (pause ) And in that case, I'm sure the Ministry will make a full inquiry.
DUMBLEDORE: On the contrary, Cornelius. If they were there, then Harry was acting in self-defense, which is perfectly allowable under Clause Seven of the Decree of Reasonable Restriction of Underaged Wizardry. (pause ) We are all in agreement on this?
DUMBLEDORE: Witness for the Defence, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. Harry turns in his seat. Dumbledore stands by the door of the COURTROOM, looking up at the Minister.
DUMBLEDORE: (cont'd) Sirius was tending to the wounds when you called.
DUMBLEDORE: She was quite right, Harry. Kreacher is what wizards have made him. He is to be pitied, not hated.
DUMBLEDORE: He didn’t hate Kreacher himself. Kreacher was a reminder to Sirius of the home he had always hated.
DUMBLEDORE: It is time to tell you what I should have five years ago. No doubt you have wondered why it was that I sent you there and not to a wizarding family? (pause)
DUMBLEDORE: (cont'd) All Educational Decrees will be nullified and you will call off the search on Hagrid so he can return to work. Fudge is sputtering incomprehensibly. DUMBLEDORE:
DUMBLEDORE: Portus. He motions Harry over.
DUMBLEDORE: The Second War has begun, Minister. Harry takes the head with Dumbledore, and they vanish from the Ministry of Magic.
DUMBLEDORE: Thank you... He takes a small baby Phoenix from his pocket and places it on Fawkes’ stand. Dumbledore’s desk has been repaired, and the Pensive rests upon it. DUMBLEDORE: Please sit, Harry. Harry is staring at him, bitterness and sorrow evident on his face. DUMBLEDORE:
DUMBLEDORE: You forget that Sirius was my friend too. You are not the only person on this earth capable of feelings, Harry. Harry nearly snarls at him. DUMBLEDORE: There is no shame in feeling pain, Harry. It is your greatest strength...
DUMBLEDORE: What can’t I know? Harry grabs an instrument from one of the tables and throws it across the room. DUMBLEDORE: This pain is part of being human, Harry...
DUMBLEDORE: (cont'd) This magic is what your mother gave you when she died. That protection would only work, however, if you were cared for by a blood relative. Your Aunt, Petunia.
DUMBLEDORE: Perhaps not. But she took you in, however grudgingly. As long as you can call your Aunt’s house your home, you are protected. Harry looks away. DUMBLEDORE: And now we come to the moment of terrible truth, the moment I have dreaded for fifteen years. The moment when I must lay another burden atop your already straining shoulders. Harry stares into his blue eyes. DUMBLEDORE: Do you remember your first year here? When you lay in the hospital wing fresh from your confrontation with Voldemort? Harry nods. DUMBLEDORE: Do you remember what you asked me that night?
DUMBLEDORE: Excellent. Dumbledore gets out of his chair, vanishes it with the wave of a wand, and sweeps from the COURTROOM. Harry gets out of the wooden chair, glances upward at Umbridge. Their eyes meet for a split second. She glowers at him. Harry exits.
DUMBLEDORE: conjures up a SQUASHY, CHINTZ armchair next to Harry's and sits down with a mild squeak. He steeples his fingers and looks up at the Minister with an expression of polite interest.
DUMBLEDORE: Minister, you have just seen You- Know-Who in the flesh only seconds ago! It is time to come to your senses! Fudge looks cowed. DUMBLEDORE: If you insist on trying to arrest me, I am perfectly willing demonstrate how useless such an attempt will be. No one looks remotely interested in trying to arrest Dumbledore.
DUMBLEDORE: Minister, you will order the removal of Dolores Umbridge from my school. (pause ) Also, she will probably need medical attention, having had a violent encounter with some Centaurs earlier this evening. (pause )
DUMBLEDORE: (cont'd) Once he discovered the connection, Voldemort had little difficulty in manipulating you into thinking he had captured Sirius.
DUMBLEDORE: Kreacher lied. He wanted you to go to the Department of Mysteries.
DUMBLEDORE: Kreacher has been serving two masters for some months now.
DUMBLEDORE: It appears that when Sirius told him to get out, Kreacher thought he meant out of the house. So he went to the Black’s closest relatives, the Malfoys. (pause) Obviously, they questioned him. Sirius had forbidden him from giving up important secrets. But Sirius had neglected to mention his relationship with you. (pause) He told them how you saw him as a mixture of father and brother, and that you would move heaven and earth to save Sirius. (pause) Voldemort knew that making you believe he had Sirius in the Department of Mysteries would force you there.
DUMBLEDORE: Ah. Apparently Kreacher had injured Buckbeak to distract him in case you tried to contact Headquarters.
DUMBLEDORE: Yes. I thought he could overcome his feelings towards your father, but I was wrong. Some wounds cut too deep to be healed.
DUMBLEDORE: Again, some wounds run too deep to be healed, Harry. Severus and Sirius never liked each other at school. This has never changed. Harry glares at the carpet. DUMBLEDORE: During your Occulumency lessons, Professor Snape discovered that you were dreaming about the door in the Department of Mysteries.
DUMBLEDORE: Yes. Voldemort has been obsessed with hearing that prophesy since he returned. Because of your scar, what he was obsessed with, you were obsessed with, in the form of dreams. (pause)
DUMBLEDORE: Harry! He runs to Harry’s side and touches his skin. He closes his eyes and whispers a spell. Harry’s eyes snap open. DUMBLEDORE: Are you all right, Harry? Harry nods, dazed.
DUMBLEDORE: If you and your men will proceed to the Death Room, you will find several Death Eaters which I and some others have apprehended. Fudge points at Dumbledore.
DUMBLEDORE: Actually, we have a witness to the presence of the Dementors in question.
DUMBLEDORE: You have no idea the pain it causes me to tell it to you, even now. But unfortunately, I must.
DUMBLEDORE: The reason Voldemort tried to kill you is because of a prophesy made just before your birth. By attempting to kill you, he believed he was fulfilling the terms of the prophesy. Voldemort’s mistake was that he had not heard the entire prophesy. (pause) That is the weapon we have been guarding, and which he has been so desperately seeking: the knowledge of how to destroy you. Harry sighs this time. He looks at the floor.
DUMBLEDORE: An excellent question, Harry. The answer lies in the prophesy.
DUMBLEDORE: That was not the only place the Prophesy is preserved. Dumbledore raises his wand to his temple and extracts a memory, placing it in the pensive. He waves his wand over it. The ghostly image of Professor Trelawney rises from the bowl.
DUMBLEDORE: It means that the only person with a chance of defeating Voldemort was born at the end of July to parents who had resisted him three times before.
DUMBLEDORE: You should not have come here tonight, Tom.
DUMBLEDORE: There is a room in the Department of Mysteries which is kept locked at all times. It contains a force so wonderful and yet terrible that it is greater than death itself. It is that power which you have incredible amounts of and of which Voldemort has none.
DUMBLEDORE: This power drove you to save Sirius tonight. It kept Voldemort from possessing you, he cannot bear to touch it. (pause ) In the end, it was your heart and not your head that saved you. Harry looks away. DUMBLEDORE: There is only the end of the prophesy which we haven't addressed. It states “neither can live while the other survives.” Harry slowly looks up at Dumbledore. DUMBLEDORE: It is the final burden which I must place on you, Harry.
DUMBLEDORE: Yes. They sit quietly together. Dumbledore softly wipes a tear from his cheek.
DUMBLEDORE: Stay where you are, Harry! Dumbledore sounds frightened. Then Harry SCREAMS. His scar simply SPLITS open and BLOOD
DUMBLEDORE: There are other ways to destroy a man, Tom.
DUMBLEDORE: You are quite wrong, Tom, as you have always been. Voldemort fires another killing curse at Dumbledore. Fawkes the Phoeniz swoops down from above and SWALLOWS the jet of green light, EXPLODING into flames and falling to the earth. Dumbledore spins, sending a constant flow of BLINDING LIGHT
DUMBLEDORE: Interestingly, there were two boys whom the prophesy could have been referring to. You and Neville Longbottom.
DUMBLEDORE: You forget the next qualification of the prophesy. The Dark Lord will mark this boy as his equal. (pause) In giving you that scar, Voldemort did so. I’m afraid that the prophesy is most certainly referring to you.
DUMBLEDORE: He chose the child he believed to be the more dangerous. He chose the “half-blood” wizard because he saw some of himself in you. (pause ) He tried to kill you and instead gave you the power and the future to destroy him.
DUMBLEDORE: Voldemort had an informant listening to my meeting with Professor Trelawney. Fortunately he was discovered before he could hear the entire prophesy. Voldemort had to act immediately, he didn’t know the rest of the prophesy. All he knew was that he had to destroy the child who would grow to be a threat to his power.
DUMBLEDORE: Many of our previous headmasters and mistresses have portraits in other institutions, allowing them to move between them. He motions for all of them to sit. They sit. Dumbledore moves to Fawkes. DUMBLEDORE: Fawkes, we will need a warning. The PHOENIX vanishes in a blast of fire. Dumbledore sits back at his desk and pulls a SILVERY,
DUMBLEDORE: Naturally, naturally. (pause) But in essence divided? Harry and Ron exchange confused looks. Everard returns to his portrait. DUMBLEDORE: What news?
DUMBLEDORE: Good. (to McGonagall)
DUMBLEDORE: It’s fine. Now listen to me, Harry. Keep studying Occlumency! Do everything Professor Snape tells you. He grips Harry’s shoulder. DUMBLEDORE: Close your mind! You will understand, in time. Fudge is stirring. DUMBLEDORE: Lay back down. They must not think we have had time to talk. They do so. He moves to Fawkes. Fudge opens his eyes. Dumbledore grabs onto Fawkes’ tail, and the two VANISH in a BLAST of FIRE.
DUMBLEDORE: Professor McGonagall, and...ah... Dumbledore does not look at Harry, even acknowledge his presence. DUMBLEDORE: What can I do for you?
DUMBLEDORE: How did you see this? How were you positioned when you saw it?
DUMBLEDORE: Is Arthur seriously injured?
DUMBLEDORE: You were listening?
DUMBLEDORE: (cont'd) Minerva, the rest of the Weasleys will need to be awoken. She nods and departs. Dumbledore again turns to the portraits hanging on the wall. DUMBLEDORE: Phineas.
DUMBLEDORE: Phineas, I need you to visit your other portrait. Tell Sirius what happened and that we are coming to stay for a while.
DUMBLEDORE: “Portus.” McGonagall returns with Ginny, Fred, and George in tow.
DUMBLEDORE: Naturally. All of you did rather well on your spellwork at this school, but if you attempt to take me in by force, I’m afraid I shall have to hurt you. In one motion, all of them draw their wands. Harry dives for cover. Dumbledore is fastest. There is an instant of BLINDING LIGHT as spells blast in all directions. A spell strikes Dumbledore’s desk with a BANG, and explodes. Dust fills the room. There is a shout and some SCUFFLING OF FEET, another BANG, and silence. Harry blinks and stands as the dust settles. Dumbledore hasn’t moved. Fudge, the Auror, Dolores, Kingsley, and Percy are all laying on the floor, unconscious. Dumbledore’s desk has been broken in half, and all of the tables overturned. He moves swiftly to McGonagall, Harry, and Marietta. DUMBLEDORE: Are you all right? McGonagall is standing, dusting herself off.
DUMBLEDORE: I’m not going into hiding. Fudge will soon regret removing me from Hogwarts. Harry moves to Dumbledore’s side.
DUMBLEDORE: Quite correct, Cornelius.
DUMBLEDORE: (pleasantly) That’s right.
DUMBLEDORE: Quiet, Harry!
DUMBLEDORE: Ah, yes. I was wondering when we'd hit that little snag.
DUMBLEDORE: But I do. You seem to be laboring under the delusion that I would ‘come quietly.’
DUMBLEDORE: Fawkes’s warning. Umbridge knows you're out of bed. Minerva, head her off. Tell her anything you can think of. McGonagall departs again. Phineas returns to his portrait.
DUMBLEDORE: We're going by Portkey. They all grab the pot, and VANISH.
DUMBLEDORE: You may be High Inquisitor of this school, Professor Umbridge, but kindly do not manhandle my students. Fudge looks pleased. He claps his hands and rubs them excitedly.
DUMBLEDORE: I’m not sure that’s true, Professor.
DUMBLEDORE: In point of fact, when young Potter met those students it was not illegal.
DUMBLEDORE: Again, I cannot have you manhandling my students, Professor Umbridge. She laughs, softly, and lets Marietta go.
DUMBLEDORE: Well, Minister. You’ve caught me.
DUMBLEDORE: Correct again. I must confess that