DUMBLEDORE: I should have known you'd be here, Professor McGonagall.
DUMBLEDORE: (smile fading) I'm afraid so. The good. And the bad.
DUMBLEDORE: Hagrid's bringing him;
DUMBLEDORE: I would trust Hagrid with my life, Professor.
DUMBLEDORE: No problems, I take it, Hagrid?
DUMBLEDORE: The only family he has.
DUMBLEDORE: Exactly. It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he can walk and talk. Famous for something he won't even remember. No. He'll be much better off growing up away from all that. Until he's ready.

DUMBLEDORE: Yes, and here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!

DUMBLEDORE: If I may, I have a few start-of-term notices to announce. First Years. should note that the. Dark Forest is strictly forbidden to all pupils. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that.
DUMBLEDORE: Everyone will please not panic. Prefects, lead your Houses back to the dormitories. Teachers, follow me to the dungeons.
DUMBLEDORE: Back again, Harry?
DUMBLEDORE: I see that you--like so many before you--have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I expect by now you realize what it does.
DUMBLEDORE: And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy.
DUMBLEDORE: I don't need a cloak to become invisible.I'll give you a clue, Harry. The happiest man on earth would look into the Mirror of Erised and see only himself, exactly as he is.
DUMBLEDORE: Yes and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them gathered around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his family, sees himself standing alone. Remember this, though, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away before it. Even gone mad. That's why it will be moved to a new home tomorrow. I ask that you do not go looking for it again, Harry. It does not. do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.

DUMBLEDORE: I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks. One can never have enough socks, Harry. You'll do well to remember that as well.

DUMBLEDORE: Good afternoon, Harry.
DUMBLEDORE: Tokens from your admirers.
DUMBLEDORE: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret-so naturally, the whole school knows. Your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of-opening your chocolate frogs. Though one suspects Agrippa and Ptolemy still elude him.
DUMBLEDORE: Fine. Both of them. Madame Pomfrey has explicitly forbidden visitors. But I think-- with the help of a certain cloak--they've managed to monitor your progress.
DUMBLEDORE: Relax, dear boy. The Stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicolas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around.
DUMBLEDORE: He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But, yes, he will die. To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible. But to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
DUMBLEDORE: Yes, yes. As much money and life as one could ever want--the two things most human beings would choose above all-else. Unfortunately, humans do have a knack for choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
DUMBLEDORE: Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone--find it, but not use it-- would be able to get it. One of my more brilliant ideas and, between you and me, that's saying something.
DUMBLEDORE: I'm afraid there are other ways for him to return. And when--if--he does, it will take someone willing to fight a losing battle to stop him again. Someone like your parents. Someone like you.
DUMBLEDORE: Some people-are like mirrors, Harry. They reflect our most desperate desires. We see what they want us to see. As painful as it surely was you made the right choice.
DUMBLEDORE: Do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to touch you, Harry? It's because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark.
DUMBLEDORE: No, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. It is the very thing someone like Professor Quirrell-- full. of hatred and greed--cannot understand. Or bear to touch.
DUMBLEDORE: Love, Harry. Love.

DUMBLEDORE: Ah! Bertie Bott's Every· Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and  since then I'm afraid I've lost my liking for them. But I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee. 

DUMBLEDORE: Alas! Ear wax!
DUMBLEDORE: Another year gone! Now as I understand it, the House Cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with 312. In third place, Hufflepuff, with 352. In  second, Ravenclaw, with 426. And in first place, with 472 points...Slytherin. House. Yes-well done, Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. I have a few last minute points to award. First, to Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect when others were in grave peril...fifty points. Second, to Mr. Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years...fifty points. Third, to Mr. Harry Potter, for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House...sixty points. And finally...it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but even more to stand up to our friends. I therefore award 10 points to...Mr. Neville Longbottom.
DUMBLEDORE: Assuming my calculations are correct, I believe a change of decoration is in order.